in this section,
we went over how to optimize your application for performance in No Js.
We used a few modules that we had not encountered before.
The 1st 1 was DNS.
DNS was the module that we used in order to try to make an attempt to resolve the host
names that the users were giving us prior to adding those checks to all the other checks
that are,
workers have to perform in the background.
Making these kind of adjustments to your application upstream of where any issue exists can
really help save your system.
Resource is later on.
Another module that we used was performance hooks.
This is the module most clearly dedicated to performance within node.
It globally is called the performance timing A P I or performance hooks.
It is still,
as you see in experimental mode,
it really is not a stable module.
But since it's something you're only using to diagnose issues,
in my opinion,
it's fine to use because it's not something that you would necessarily deployed to
production.
There wouldn't necessarily be any reason to deploy to production,
especially if you can recreate any performance issues locally.
If you are going to deploy your performance timing to production so that you can get some
readouts from your production server.
Just keep in mind that it's not the most stable AP I yet in future versions of note it will
be.
But for now,
they are still open to the idea of making changes to it,
and it really hasn't become a heart and a p I.
Yet that being said,
it gives us extremely powerful tools for measuring code execution without having to Jerry
rig anything ourselves.
The next section that we used was the cluster module cluster allowed us to spawn our server
so that it could use a bunch of different cores at the same time.
In our example,
we're running on a four course system,
and so we were able to start up four different servers that were all sharing a certain port
,
and we're all listening for requests and balancing the load between them.
Cluster is a stable module.
It is something that you can used in production,
but it is extremely complicated,
and so just make sure that if you're going to use cluster,
you have a good reason to do it and just be aware that when you move a note application
from taking up one of the course of a machine to taking up all of the course,
the results on that machine may vary.
It is much more likely that you'll end up consuming.
The resource is that other tasks on that machine may need.
Lastly,
we used child processes in order to drop down to the command line and issue that LS that
let us read from a directory.
Child processes are extremely powerful,
as it's a way that allows you to branch out from node to any other application or any other
process that might be more performance in a certain area or might be custom built to handle
a process that note can't handle.
Using child processes is a pretty common thing to do in node,
and it is a stable module,
so you should feel free to branch out any processes that you need to connect to.
So at this point in the course you have created an A P I.
You've created a front end for that,
a p I.
You've created a command line tool.
You've added tests and learned how to do debugging.
Then you've done performance,
optimization and performance timing on that application.
So at this point,
the majority of the lectures are finished in the final section of this course coming up
next.
The only things that we're going to talk about are the various modules from these docks
that we just didn't happen to hit.
Over the course of this lecture series,
I want to make sure that this course was complete and hit all of the sections in the No Js
docks.
And so in the next section we are going to do some examples with some of the modules that
we haven't talked about yet and at least given overview of some of the modules that that we
won't be dealing with at all.
For example,
the deprecate ID AP I section etcetera.
Without further ado,
let's move on to the final section of this course.